To debug coventryd, set the environment variable:

    setenv DEBUG_COVENTRY 1

before:

    coventry start

or a direct execution of coventryd.


When executing coventryd directly, you may prefix the arguments (including
-Qn) with the argument:

    -D<path>

to specify an alternative auxiliary directory, where conventryd looks for
the applications getndpri and setndpri.


When debugging is on, initially, coventryd reports its auxiliary directory
and the ps command which it uses to extract information about the current
processes.

During execution, coventryd reports changes to the state of the current
processes in the format:

    <hh:mm:ss> <comment>: $user, $nice, $seconds, $pid, $pgid, $class, $comm

See the ps man page for details.  Note that $nice is a relative value between
its default and the value assigned to processes in coventry (20...30).  For a
Gang scheduled process ($class = "bg"), 30 represents best batch scheduling
class priority (128).  Note that Time-shared processes whose nice value lies
outside the range 20...30, and Gang scheduled processes with non-deteriorating
priorities are ignored by coventryd.

The <comment> field has one of the following texts:

    re-niced in society       The nice value of the process has been 
                              incremented.

    banned from society       The process has been sent to coventry.

    banned gang process       The process is Gang scheduled, and its non-
                              deteriorating priority has been set, putting
                              in in the Gang Batch class.

    changed to coventry       The process has been sent to coventry; when it
                              is returned to society, its nice value will have
                              been incremented by one.

    freed from coventry       The process has been returned to society; its
                              nice value depends on how it was sent to
                              coventry.

    to coventry forever       The process has nice value 30, and will never be
                              returned to society.

    taken from coventry       Some action outside of coventryd has changed the
                              process's nice value or its non-deterioating
                              priority.

    stopped in coventry       The process was in coventry when it terminated.
                              A process which has been changed by some outside
                              action to a state in which it is ignored by
                              coventryd, may appear to have stopped (e.g. its
                              nice value has been set below 20).

    returned to society       coventryd is terminating due to a signal.
                              If this is a Gang scheduled process, it has been
                              removed from its non-deteriorating priority set
                              and returned to the normal Gang class ("gn").
                              If it is a Time-shared process, its nice value
                              depends on how it was sent to coventry.
